Welcome to our last section on algorithm's the last missing piece and that is dynamic programming sounds
very important doesn't it.
With this section we're going to go over the very last piece of our mind map to complete our entire
knowledge graph.
So we're ready for interviews.
It's this last little piece of dynamic programming specifically memorization that we're going to be
talking about.
But what is it Dynamic Programming is just an optimization technique.
And here's a fun fact dynamic programming actually means nothing.
It's completely garbage buzzword and I'm not kidding here.
All linked to a funny article on how the name came to be but dynamic programming at the end of the day
is just an optimization technique using something called caching.
If you have something that you can cache Well then he can use dynamic programming.
Now we're going to get into the details of what that means throughout the next videos but at a higher
level dynamic programming is a way to solve problems by breaking it down into a collection of subproblems
solving each of those solve problems just once and storing their solutions in case.
Next time the same subproblem occurs but let's get into that and understand what it means how we can
implement it to become better interviewers better engineers and better programmers.
I'll see in the next video by.